chore: Update release readme. (#302)
honeycombio/honeycomb-opentelemetry-web: RELEASING.md

NOTE: the `X.Y.Z` at the end of each tag will be replaced with the version number for that package.

### Release Steps:

#### Checkout latest and create a release branch:
1. Checkout the `main` branch and fetch the latest
    ```shell
    git checkout main && git fetch
    ```
2.  Checkout a new branch for the release `release-YYYY-MM-DD` (i.e. `release-2024-09-16`)
    ```shell
    git checkout -b release-honeycomb-opentelemetry-web-vX.Y.Z
    ```

#### Bump versions and update changelog:
  >For _EACH_ package that has changes to release:

3. `cd` into the package you'd like to release i.e.
    ```shell
    cd packages/honeycomb-opentelemetry-web`
    ```
    OR
    ```shell
    cd packages/experimental-opentelemetry-web`
    ```
4. Clear `node_modules` and install dependencies
    ```shell
    rm -rf node_modules
    ```
    ```shell
    npm ci
    ```
5.  Ensure the package builds
    ```shell
    npm run build
    ```
6. Bump the package version number using `major`, `minor`, `patch`, or the prerelease variants `premajor`, `preminor`, or `prepatch`.
   ```shell
   npm version --no-git-tag-version RELEASE_TYPE
   vX.Y.Y
   ```

> 7. Confirm the version number in the package's `package.json` and `package-lock.json`. the out put of `npm version` should match the `version` field in both `package.json` and `package-lock.json`.

Reviewer: typo

```suggestion
7. Confirm the version number in the package's `package.json` and `package-lock.json`. The output of `npm version` should match the `version` field in both `package.json` and `package-lock.json`.
```

8. Update `version.ts` with the new version number.
9. Update the `CHANGELOG.md` using:
    ```shell
      `git log --pretty='%C(green)%d%Creset- %s | %an'`
    ```
    - Copy the latest commits and paste them into the package's `CHANGELOG.md`

>     - Update the author names to GitHub handles

Reviewer: 👍
